Gojo Dolls
I'll cosplay Neon-oneetama as Black Lobelia...
So let's do a Blaze!! group cosplay!
Not happening.
A group cosplay?
Is that when they cosplay as different characters from the same series?
I just want to cosplay for myself and leave behind plenty of amazing photos.
I have no plans to work with other cosplayers.
Your photos are rather detailed.
And since I'm cosplaying Black Lily this time, I was planning on renting a studio.
A studio?!
Holy crap! I wanna see!
Do you mind if I come with you?!
I just told you, I'm not doing group cosplays.
I'll split the studio fees with you!
Studio fees can get pretty expensive.
Oh, really?
Then I'll pitch in, too.
Why are you tagging along, too?
Kitagawa-san can't put fake eyelashes on herself, and I do her makeup, as well.
Seriously? You're joking, right?
He's totally telling the truth.
Unbelievable, am I right?
We're talking about you, here.
Episode 7
A Home Date with the Guy I Wuv Is the Best
The studio fees... They're 15,000 yen an hour.
If I end up splitting the cost, I can spend the rest on my outfits...
On my outfits...
Juju-sama, sorry for bothering you.
You can totally ignore everything I just said.
I'm definitely looking forward to your Black Lily photos!
I...
I-If you insist.
I guess I'll let you tag along... just this once.
Hell, yeah! A group cosplay with Juju-sama!
I-It's just this once! Just this one time, you hear me?!
Yay!
Hell, yeah!
Juju-sama's the best!
That's great.
Then I guess I should watch this anime, too.
Yay!
Huh?!
You're going to start watching all of it now?!
Wouldn't reference photos be enough?
Well, I thought that at first, as well...
But I want to understand the material, and pick just the right fabric for the characters.
I played all the way through Slippery Girls 1 and 2 last time.
Right?
What?!
I was so moved.
When the protagonist first enters the club room,
the president was stark naked, and in her anu—
Hold up! Just stop! You don't need to tell me your thoughts on this!
This page is about the 2nd season of the anime series Flower Princess, called Flower Princess Blaze!!, produced by Toh-A Animation.
Flower Princess Blaze!! is a Toh-A Animation TV anime series with 126 episodes, produced by Renjitsu Broadcasting System. The show aired every Sunday from 2/5/2006 to 10/26/2008 from 8:30 AM to 9:00 AM (JST) on Renjitsu TV. It is the second season of the Flower Princess series.
Flower Princess Blaze!!
Genre: Magical Girl
Let's see... Flower Princess Blaze!! already finished airing, right?
I need to look up how to watch it.
I have the complete box set, so you can just borrow mine.
Really? Thank you very much.
Of course! It's so much fun, you can watch it in a snap.
I mean, it's only 126 episodes!
126?!
I see, I see.
Yeah, apparently the DVD set weighs a lot,
so I'm going to go get it from Kitagawa-san's place.
Sure, and don't worry about the shop.
Go right ahead.
I haven't had a chance to practice lately,
s-so I probably did it poorly... I'm sure of it.
Wakana.
Yes, sir!
You've really improved.
Huh? Really?
You betcha.
Your lines used to be really stiff...
But now, they've softened a bit.
You think so?
I can't really tell, myself.
I think making that outfit for Marin-chan was good for you.
You even did her makeup for her, didn't you?
Yeah.
I'm sure you were careful, thorough,
and used all of your concentration just like you would when painting a doll's face.
If you wanna be a great dollmaker in the future, you can't just look at dolls.
You need to observe a lot of things.
It'll all pay off someday.
Yes, sir.
Did I get here too early?
I'm pretty sure this is the time she said.
I'm so sorry! I just woke up!
I started watching Blaze!! yesterday, and I just couldn't stop!
I'm so, so sorry!
Why don't we measure my bust point?
Let's go with 20 cm.
Where can they be?
Gojo-kun?
You good?
I-I'm sorry!
Conasdjgoaidjf?!
I don't have my colored contacts in!
That's what you're worried about?
Sorry to keep you waiting. We're all good now.
O-Okay.
Th-Thanks for inviting me over.
Come on in.
Here you go, Kitagawa-san...
It's not much, but... No way!
You bought these for me?
Yes.
I've been given them before, too.
Thanks!
Hey, they're pudding. They look hella bomb.
Well, that made my heart skip a beat.
He's already seen me without makeup so I can't do anything about that...
But I can't handle not having my contacts in.
Hey, these are from that shop that always has a line.
Sweet!
Wh... Wh-Wh-What am I gonna do?!
Thinking on it, even if this is just to make her cosplay,
I've never actually been to a friend's house.
Not to mention... This is K-Kitagawa-san's house!
Oh, no... I'm so nervous, I'm gonna hurl.
I need to hurry and get the DVDs from her and leave.
Gojo-kun.
Y-Yes?
You came all this way...
so why don't we watch the DVDs together?
Huh?! B-But why?!
Wouldn't they be easier to carry if you watched some here first?
B-But... Just come in, already.
Th-Thank you for inviting me in.
How did things end up like this?!
Oh, this is my room.
Th-This is Kitagawa-san's room...
It's a little messy, but go ahead and sit wherever.
P-Please excuse me.
This is Tsukiyono ♥ Company~
Saint♥Slippery's Academy for Girls— The Young Ladies of the Humiliation Club: Debauched Miracle Life 2
Yeah. This is definitely your room, Kitagawa-san.
Huh? Yeah, it is.
Wakana's anxiety was gone in an instant.
Dad... Mom...
Was I that much of a burden to you?
Would it have been better if I was never born?
Neon...
I... I just wanted to be loved.
Soma-kun...
Even Soma-kun didn't choose me...
Neon, no!
If you unleash any more darkness—
Neon...
Neon!
Neon-oneetama's appearance really seems to change once she becomes Black Lobelia.
I know, right?
No... Is that you, Neon-oneechan?
Yes, Shion. It is I, Neon.
But why, Neon-oneechan?
So Shion-tan also had no idea that was her sister, either.
I see. So that's the Flower Jewel.
It really is pitch black.
Yeah, she's really gone off the deep end.
Really hits you in the feels.
No.
Go away, Mirai.
I don't want anything to do with the other Princesses.
Get lost, sucker!
Do you see how cold she is to everyone other than Onee-tama?
She's so cute, I just can't.
You say that happiness won't last forever, Shion-chan.
But sad and painful things don't last forever, either!
Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
You'll never understand!
You're just a cheerful little space cadet...
You could never understand how I feel!
This is a magical girl show, but they don't really use magic. They just punch each other.
I wonder why... Ooh, here it comes, Gojo-kun!
There it is!
Are these the two that you mentioned before?
Yeah!
This is Shion-tan's crush, Sakuya-kun.
And this is Mirai-taso's older brother, Soma-kun!
See? Do you see how close they are?
Yes.
And they're both very handsome...
Their uniforms kind of look like ours, too.
Wait, is this like a home date?
Meaning Wait, wait, wait, hold up!
One day in June. Marin Kitagawa invites classmate Wakana Gojo (15), who she has a crush on, into her room with the intent of lending him DVDs. However, before Marin Kitagawa even realized it herself, they magically ended up alone on the same sofa together. One could say they were having a "home date" in her bedroom watching DVDs together. She finds herself unable to contain her excitement as her heart beats even faster. A man and woman, alone together in a room, watching DVDs. Who knows what may or may not happen...?
It totally is! It has to be!
I mean, I mean, I mean, things have been different with Gramps around,
but right now... W-We're totally alone together.
I wuv him.
Wait, hold up... I'm having so much fun right now!
Dsj;gfhaslkn!
A home date with the guy I wuv is the best.
This is, like, the best thing ever!
I don't want this moment to end...
Not so fast!
Gurgle...
Death
I guess you haven't eaten anything except pudding since you woke up.
Mhm... Kill me now...
Well, would you like me to go buy you something?
Nope! I'll whip something up, so don't worry about it!
I can make some for you, too.
Huh? Really?
A homemade meal made by Kitagawa-san!
A homemade meal made by Kitagawa-san...
I'll make us something.
Huh? No way.
You cook for me all the time.
Let me handle this.
There we go.
Let's see... What should I make?
Oh, oopsie.
I forgot to put on a bra.
Well, whatever.
Not like he noticed, anyway.
Veggies & Fruit Sauce (Semi-Sweet)
Delicious Milk Soontory Natural Spring Water Lessee...
I have some eggs, onions... some chicken...
Hm, maybe I'll make omurice.
Actually...
Am... Am I really doing this?
Holy crap, can you even imagine?!
Eat up, Gojo-kun!
That's so freakin' girly! How embarrassing!
Here, say, "Aah."
My face is burning up!
Hurry up and cook, you dummy!
Hup.
Hiyah.
Ugh, this sucks!
My eyes are burning.
Ugh, what's with onions anyway?
The hell's your problem?
Hey, this looks pretty decent!
Ta-hay-sty!
Ohmigod, what is this? I'm, like, a genius!
Who knew making omurice was such a cinch?!
Hahahaha!
Now I just gotta wrap this baby up with an omelet!
Talk about easy!
Sorry
Thanks for cooking.
Sure.
Uh, so...
Th-Things were going pretty well for a while...
But I used up all my eggs, so I couldn't try again.
So, uh...
N-Never mind! You don't have to eat it!
I'm so sorry!
Did you season this with anything other than salt and pepper?
Huh?
Y-Yeah...
It's got chicken stock and a little bit of soy sauce...
I see...
That's why it's so delicious.
Huh?
I'd never thought about using those.
It's very good.
Huh?
You're not just being nice?
Huh? No, I mean it.
Saint♥Slippery's Academy for Girls— The Young Ladies of the Humiliation Club: Debauched Miracle Life 2
It's really very good.
Thank goodness.
I guess I should eat, too.
Yes.
Here I go!
Saint♥Slippery's Academy for Girls— The Young Ladies of the Humiliation Club: Debauched Miracle Life 2
We always eat Japanese food at home, so this is a nice change.
I'll make some at home next time.
Kitagawa-san must really love... Sorry ...fried rice.
Fried Rice
Even if that's true... I'll continue to fight!
Because I'm a Flower Princess!
You can do it... You've got this!
Need some tissues, Gojo-kun?
Gojo Dolls Hello, this is Gojo.
Did you have a chance to look at the multi-view sketch I sent?
Would you like me to make any revisions?
Nope. It's fine.
Thank you very much.
More importantly... Patent-leather shoes
This part in back. It might be better to get rid of it to prioritize mobility. Ask Inui-san.
Garter belt on the socks Make them black and have the socks match.
Inseam 71.5 cm
Wrists 12.5 cm Sew them onto the fabric? Make them detachable?
White gloves. See if she has any from previous cosplays.
Make sure the socks and shoes match.
5 cm heels
Make sure the hair coming out from the cap is well-balanced.
Make sure she can wear her cape over the outfit.
Should the wig we use be the one she already used for her Shion cosplay or a new one?
Waist 55 cm Put on 6 buttons
Neck height 9.5 cm. Make sure the collar doesn't hit her chin.
Should we just buy the hat from a store and adjust it? Ask Inui-san.
Make all the decorations on the cap gold.
Upper arm 23 cm Use a fabric that'll stretch easily.
Military uniform base. Outlines her figure well.
Make sure frilliness spreads out nicely.
Light blue color contacts
Use cosplay tape to make her eyes narrower
Shoe size 22 cm Foot width 8 cm Calves 30.8 cm
Make sure the buttons on her chest look nice
Ankles 18 cm Hips 79.2 cm
Make it tighter right above the skirt.
Make the buttons on her collar gold, too.
Sew on gold fabric for the trim, too.
Just like Shizuku-tan's outfit, make the skirt spread nicely. This time, we'll try using wires.
Add a crease to accent her eyelids
Think about how the fabric fits around her arms and hips.
The cap's brim. I'll talk to Inui-san about the length.
Create the crest Make sure it leaves an impression.
Add eyeliner to make her eyes more beautiful
Make the epaulettes gold, too
Are your sketches always this detailed?
Yes, they are.
I see... That's impressive.
I'll go ahead and send you the funds for the fabric.
How much do you think it'll cost?
Sorry, but...
I'm not quite sure yet, so could you wait until after it's completed?
I'll do my best to keep the cost down.
Really?
Okay, thanks.
What did you want to do about hair and makeup?
You don't need to worry about that.
I can do that myself.
All right.
By the way, I went through all of your cosplay photos, Inui-san.
All of them... eh?
Yes.
I know it's possible to change the width of your eyelids,
but there seem to be some pictures where your eyes look completely different.
How do you pull that off?
Oh, I use tape.
Tape?
Can you take a look at your phone screen a sec?
Can you see me?
Yes, I can.
I use this.
You can change the shape of your eyes using cosplay tape.
For example, to make them look bigger,
tape the area right above your eyes,
or mid-forehead to the back of your head.
If you use tape to keep your eyes like this,
you can change their shape a bit.
Wow...
You can even do an impromptu facelift or make your jawline sharper.
You can narrow your eyes, make them more slanted,
or you can also make them droopy.
If we had used that, we could've made Shizuku-tan look more droopy-eyed.
This is really informative!
You didn't know any of this before?
Yes.
That cosplay was my first experience.
Y-You're kidding, right?
Y-You mean, that outfit was your first time making one?
Yes.
As you can see, there's so much I need to work on.
So that's why Marin Kitagawa's cosplay photos were taken on a smartphone
rather than a camera...
You're just so...
Okay.
We'll go ahead and take the group cosplay photos with our camera.
Our?
Oh, I didn't mention this earlier?
My younger sister takes my photos.
Oh, I see.
Your sister is a very good photographer.
The backgrounds really sparkle.
Well, we touch them up with photo-editing software.
You can touch up your skin and even change the color of your eyes.
That's quite amazing.
You guys should totally invest in a camera, too.
Um, Inui-san... What?
If it's not too much trouble,
could your little sister show me how to properly use a camera?
There's so much I don't know yet.
Sure... But she's still in middle school,
and if we go to your place, we won't get home until late.
In that case, I'll meet you somewhere.
All right.
Will a family restaurant near my place work, then?
Yes, that's perfectly fine.
I'll contact you again later.
Sure.
Thank you very much.
A camera, huh...
Come to think of it, there were a lot of people with nice cameras at the event we went to.
...photos. I'm also asking if her little sister will show me how to properly use a camera.
Thanks!
Inui-san's younger sister will be joining us on the day of the photoshoot. Apparently Inui-san's younger sister takes her photos. I'm also asking if her little sister will show me how to properly use a camera.
Today
Y-Yes, hello?
I'll come with you!
I wanna learn how to use a camera, too!
A-All right.
I'll ask Inui-san.
Thanks, bud!
Marin!
I'm so hungry, I'm gonna drop dead any second here.
Sorry, Nowa!
Go ahead to the restaurant.
Okay...
Aw, Juju-sama has a little sister!
She's probably the spitting image of Juju-sama, but tinier,
and stupidly adorable.
Hewwo I agree.
I can just picture her.
I'm so freakin' excited now!
I-I-It's very nice to meet you...
Come on. You're slouching again.
O-Okay...
Sorry, she's a bit nervous.
I... I'm Shinju Inui!
I-It's... It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance!
Sh-She's not exactly what I imagined, but more importantly...
She's in middle school?!
Y-You're that huge in middle school?!
Holy crap!
Just how big are you?!
Hey! Kitagawa-san—
I'm 164 cm!
I-I'm 178 cm... Whoa!
I'm so jelly!
That's what she meant...
Episode 8
I Really Recommend Backlighting Next time...